just give me a second we'll let Ben in okay so no means can I change his name to
actually going forward no means if you can put Clara's display picture there'll be
helpful Clara's support I'm changing your name and okay I'll let him in yes
we're good alright letting him in in three two one and Ben is in Vaisuit
Carvada is in hey Ben good afternoon oh wait oh hey pipe good afternoon hey Ben how are
I'm doing well how are you very well thank you so much for asking very really excited to
kick things off for you and yeah I mean how have things been since the last time we spoke
good busy busy that's good I'm around for sure so it's been fun um yeah I just signed the
the doc he signed oh okay and it you look like it said um like a 12 month term and I think we
are talking about three months to start correct so what it means there is that after the three
months if you decide to continue which I'm sure you will the price will stay the same so that's
what that 12 month term man means so you'll be good okay it just has to be with the
cost increase yeah so you've signed the doc he signed yeah awesome I think I'll be getting an
notification the billing team and I think the card that you probably the details that you shared
with me that also might be in process of getting executed so I think we're good but all that aside
I just want to introduce the the new phase that you can probably see on your screen that's Pavan
hey Ben I wanted to get somebody who I mean who understands things in and out and turns out
Pavans the one who started the whole journey of Clara Anza so he's somebody who's very deeply
into this program this solution so he'll match your pace understand your expectations and of
course married and then present the solution to you so he's going to be a dedicated point of contact
but if in this if any case if at any point there has to be more people involved we'll of course
notify you and then we'll do about the people as well okay so yeah that's how to let Pavan take over
and yeah I mean kick things off yeah thank you so much Barad and yeah Barad is my hype man
whenever except with all the intro very yeah I mean super excited to get you started Ben
got all the context of your business what are you trying to solve with you know the first
solution here that is you know AI for answering for your business got all the context from Barad
in the way you guys operate today with that information we already have the
well you know base weight of the agent configured just one just couple of details you know some
details that I wanted to clarify so that we can complete that configuration and make the agent
available for your testing today itself right or that'll be the target the way the process would
look like as well is we'll share the number on which the agent will be available and the dashboard
so that you know you can run some test calls see how the agent is responding all that even after
this call it's share that details with you by making those final configuration and then post that
we can probably set up another call for Friday if you have some time because you get this one day
to really test and you know run some test calls see if you'd want anything changed and then
you know we can probably you know have the agent take life calls this weekend right okay
so firstly to I mean get an understanding we'll divide the conversation into during officers and
afterwards just to get the behavior that we'd want to have for the agent so for during officers
then is it only you who takes all the incoming calls from customers or is there anyone else as well
no right now it's just me yeah so we have we have some steady they contractors
they have the full numbers for some of my team so they can talk directly and offer the guys in the
field but generally like what I need this for is the the new clients the small jobs the service
calls people look all every day that we don't have already working relationship with so
very busy yeah it's made the checks those calls oh it makes sense and then so when Clara will be
set up the way to be set up as your main business line today by default the forwarding will be set up
from there to Clara so we can start off with so what I understand from birth is you only have one
number and that is your personal number that is your business line I think that is do you by any
chance happen to have a second number I do I've got a I was actually think about this a while ago
so I actually have another phone with a phone line that I'm going to use for personal
yeah I just have to get it going and tell all my contacts my new number
yeah yeah yeah I was going to say like can I turn until I get that done am I able to turn
Clara off and on as needed kind of thing or yes so the way then we can the way we can set it up
is you know on your phone how do you use a iOS device like an Apple device or an Android
Android perfect that makes it even easier because you you can really set some you know the way we
can start off is on your phone you can set up the call forwarding in a way where if you do not answer
the call or if you decline the call then we can forward the calls to Clara so in that way in that way
we can start off like that until you have the second number up and running once the second number
is up then you know we can have Clara be the first point of contact and then if someone wants to
talk to you or you know then then we can transfer it to the second number oh I was actually now
set today so Clara can transfer if somebody really needs to talk to me Clara can transfer that call
yes that's where that's where we'll need that second number that's where oh got you okay yeah so
that is possible cool so when the second number is up and running a probably that is one number
that I'll need from you you can just I'll send my I'll send the details of the agent on the
email so you're going to apply to that I'll include these points as well so that can so for
officers that is one and then for anyone who's calling to probably schedule an appointment or is
inquiring about a quote do you have any minimum like a visit fee that you charge if you have
to ever give out a message yeah our structure is set up like for service calls we do have a service
call fee which is 115 dollars that's a call out which is what gets us to the job site and then
our hourly charge is in half our increments after that at the average of 90 dollars in our
for residential okay with 98 or 98 okay for our which for half hour is gonna be of course 40
99 yeah yeah and then for the initial 115 so for that do you have a
like does that cover for the first one or two hours or anything like that oh that's just the call
out to get the site okay and then okay so so basically it's 150 dollars for the first half hour
hundred oh okay yeah that's what it's okay for the first first half hour it's the usual call
over and then every ignoring demands from their perfect need sense so because and do you want
Colorado mentioned that on the call or shall we start off with not mentioning and you want to take that
call subjectively based on because some calls you know most of the time I've definitely learned
that people need to know about that before we before we book the job so when people ask I do want
clear it to be able to mention that only if they want to clarify will mention but we'll not make
it a point to mention everything so yeah I mean I guess Claire is actually speaks better than I do
sorry I'm trying to mute my phone right now I've got a whole bunch of notifications coming in here
I double-book myself I actually have a flat tire and I've got a mobile tire repair guy right now
excuse me one quick second he's just outside my door sorry guys
you
sorry guys they're just kind of paid this guy you're back
you
you
you
you
you
you
oh so sorry guys sorry sorry
sorry sorry you're talking about service call fee and we'll only include you know we'll not make it a point to mention it on all call but you know we'll have that information
if you want to include some policies or you know if you want a specific type of calls handled a little differently or that we can
you know take it up when as when they pop up okay so those one the other one is so we can send out a notification whenever there's a new call so do you have a preferred email address and a phone number so that we can have the email and then the SMS and yeah um we just think here probably the best one info
at bands electric solutions team dot com okay so just so that I don't get the spelling wrong here will be possible to drop that in the chat yeah sure
it's basically the same as if you have my email address it's the same as info when it's live band yeah but I will write it down for you
and then the number on which you so the main line that you're using will use the same number to send the SMS
the same number to send which sir so we'll send the post call like whenever there is a new call from the customer you'll get a message as well
saying hey yeah actually I was going to ask about that too if it affects tax messages or not but probably not okay okay
so we'll have the email and text message set up on that number okay perfect and so um yeah if people are tax messaging me on this phone that's not going to get in
okay those tax messages right away so your phone your phone the main line it'll be working fine on like
only the incoming calls are getting forwarded to Clara but everything the call you can make a bond calls using your number you can text back and forth all that is still
you know pretty much the same perfect exactly so that is with the officers but coming to after ours been
do you do any kind of dispatch for operators no we don't do emergency calls except for you know
are existing builders and I've got one property manager that sometimes they've got some they've got
gas stations that are running 247 so sure answer is no but yes for one particular company okay so if
you have that one particular company if you can help me with the details of that company what
we can do is you know if a call if someone from that property calls for an emergency after ours then you
can patch it through to oh okay so you can actually select one number that's allowed to get patched through
yeah we can use that number or even if you give me the context of the property because you don't know who will be calling
from that property right so you can just give me the details of yes the custom name address if you have that handy
you can drop that in the chat yeah but even if okay yeah so is the details custom name property name
their address primary contact so right here in my phone give me one moment yeah
so I'll put it in the chat it's weird it's a property manager but they also do a lot of
pressure washing and landscaping so the company is actually called GNM pressure washing but they're
a property management I think they can use clarifies when yeah they're probably good
um
.
Did you say you need their email address as well?
Yeah, I mean, any information that you already have so that when they call,
you know, if they mention, hey, I'm Shelley, you know, or this is the number,
or if someone else is calling as well and they say, hey, this is from.
Okay.
Jean and pressure wash.
Yeah.
Um.
Yeah.
Okay.
How is this?
See if I can.
Coffee here.
But Jean, um, it's just one question there, Ben.
So GNM is the property management company.
But yes, the property.
Okay.
Is it a specific property under them for which they would call for
Emergencies or is it their facility itself?
No, it's properties that they manage.
So it's, um,
It's gas stations.
So we do.
We can work for them.
They manage, um,
Chevron, uh,
Chevron and SOs.
Okay.
So when they call,
do they,
I think they'll be giving you the gas station details, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
She'll, she'll normally, um,
she's a,
a couple of calls in middle of the night and, uh,
she'll usually message me or,
yeah, she'll tell me the details and she'll send me a text message as well.
So she generally will give all of that information.
Okay.
Um,
because the other several,
there's several properties about 20 gas stations,
you know,
around the city that we work in.
Yeah.
You probably have to just let a no.
Hey, I'm trying this.
You know,
answering service out.
So you can just call in and drop all the context and.
I'll.
Sure.
I'll be that.
The call will be patched through right to me.
Okay.
Perfect.
Cool.
Uh, so that covers the after hours as well.
Because there's only one property.
All, you know, one customer.
Yeah.
There's, there's really only the one customer.
Yeah.
For for everyone else,
we'll just have it as, uh,
you know,
we'll get back to you next Thursday.
And then yeah.
The working hours are Monday to Friday.
Should we take directly from the website?
I think it's Monday to Friday.
And then yeah,
Monday to Friday.
I think what the website says is eight to four 30.
Yeah.
Basically.
Thank you.
Five is kind of what we work.
Yeah.
Perfect.
We'll use that information.
Again, like I said, we're starting there.
But if we want to make any changes,
we can always think that.
Okay.
Maria.
Uh, that was pretty much it.
Like that was pretty much all the information that I need.
Because the rest of the information.
We're already using your website.
Uh, to have the agent trained on it.
So there's no problems there.
But yeah,
we help us complete the configuration and send the details over to you.
This is the.
So I'll send a link to the dashboard where you can see the calls and then.
Uh, I'm purposefully not sharing the screen to show you the dashboard around.
Uh, but I not want you to just log in.
Try it.
Try your hand.
At the dashboard.
And then when we probably we can schedule a time on Friday.
And then that's when you've already have made some test calls.
So they would be on the dashboard.
And I can just walk you through them.
How you can actually put the bash put the dashboard to the best.
Because.
Perfect.
Cool.
Uh, so.
For Friday.
Do you have a time in mind when we can connect again?
Yeah.
Just make sure my schedule I've got nothing else going on on Friday.
Don't take the same time.
If same time works, we're going to go with the same time zone.
I did.
Oh, I think.
Um.
Where's the.
I think I've got something on Friday.
Hang on a moment.
Where is that?
Where is that?
Yeah.
No one's not going to be good.
Okay.
So I've got a meeting already lunch meeting from noon till one on Friday.
So.
How much time do you think we need for a meeting on Friday?
Less than half an hour.
That's never.
Okay.
Probably 15 to 20 minutes.
So what we'll essentially be doing is you would.
After seeing the details today, you just you will try making some test calls.
And then see how the email is coming through.
How the SMS is coming through.
How the details pop up on the dashboard on Friday when we meet.
It's more of if you observe something that needs changes.
That's that's something that we'll address on the call and then I'll just walk you around.
The dashboard is probably show you some.
Okay.
Nice feature.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Let's do it in the afternoon.
I think that'd be a little better.
If you've got some time around two o'clock.
Hey.
That's fine.
I can stay alert for to work luck on Friday.
And then.
Perfect.
Ideally.
So once after we meet on Friday, we can.
You know, have the setting already.
We can call the main line.
We can have the.
Because that's how I said once you put it in front of the customer.
You see how, you know, they're receiving it.
And you know, already see a lot of.
I'm given back to yourself.
It's really okay.
All those.
I'm calls and.
Yeah.
So at.
Okay.
So once we go live.
Then it's going to answer the calls.
Oh, we can configure it.
So it answers the calls if I don't, right?
Yeah.
So that's a setting that we can just be.
Do you think the second number will be up by Friday, Ben?
Would you think that's a possibility?
Yeah.
That'll be ideal where we can set it up.
In a way where we can forward all the calls from main line.
On to.
And then from there if someone wants to talk to.
You know, you or someone.
They're like where I want to talk to someone because you.
You would have that.
You know, person days of customers will be like.
I don't want to go through this.
Just put me through.
Right.
We don't want to.
You know, create a lot of friction there.
So we can just patch them through.
But you know, we'll just get a quick purpose of.
You know, why they're calling.
And then.
Okay.
So in initial few days, there'll be that calibration where.
You know, all the.
Along with all the.
Spam call.
You know, one or two spam calls might be going through.
You know, the sales calls that are coming in.
But we will.
It probably be the edge cases here and there where someone told something a little differently.
And then they.
They told it's relative of yours.
And then they got through.
To.
No, like a sales call.
Right.
So we'll try to have all of that minimize.
We'll start off with.
You know, keeping the door.
Relatively closed.
We'll.
We'll shut the door.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
Cool.
We'll have the testing piece taken care of in the following conversations.
And should everything go well.
We can get things up and running for.
That'd be great.
I like it.
Cool.
Yeah.
Just watch out for my email there.
Ben, I'll drop the details of the agent.
The number.
Which you can dial to talk to the agent.
Nothing is live yet.
So you can directly call that number.
Have a conversation.
So you can get the information.
And then you can get the information.
And then you can see the post call.
The flow in that way as well.
Really.
So that was all I had from my side.
Thank you so much for your time.
Ben, but yeah.
To review.
But it.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Good.
God.
I'll see you.
Ben.
Just watch out.
Well.
Thank you.
